"THANK YOU SOOOO MUCH for the AWESOME QUALITY and SERVICE you offer and provide!! ON TIME AND NEATLY PACKAGED!! I would DEFINITELY BUY FROM YOU AGAIN!! THANK YOU!!!" Sincerely, Gina .T. : )


"I've ordered through 2Bhip a couple times now. each time, my order arrived a few days before i expected it. it's been a hassle free order every time now. i plan to order through 2Bhip, whenever possible, in the future."---John, Oregon


"Congrats on a really great business. I think I've got 3 or 4 belt buckles from you now and even though I have to get you to ship them to Australia, I don't bother to even look at buckles here. You have the range and price to close the deal every time. I'm affiliated with a biker club here and have put your website on the board at the clubhouse with a note to chech it out. Hope the guys do or maybe even have! They've commented on my buckles." - Warren, Australia


I recieved the belt buckle here in CT within 2 days. The belt buckle was even BETTER than the way it looked in the ad ! I also called 2bhip customer service line with a question and spoke with a very friendly girl who answered all my questions. I wish I had such a store to deal with here in CT. 2bhip is #1 in my book and they have me as a customer for LIFE!"- Eric Steiner


"Greetings 2bhipsters! I just wanted to write to say wow and thank you for such fast service! You have made a birthday girl and a couple other people VERY happy! I really appreciate such first class service! You will definitely be getting more orders from me in the future! Buckles, of course, make the perfect birthday gift!"---Will, Seattle, WA


"I just wanted to say that you guys are awesome. Best prices, and best customer service of possibly any other online retailer i've ever used. don't change anything. and don't go anywhere."----Jonny


"I recieved 2 LUCKY 13 belt buckles today, thank you very much!!! You shipped very quickly!!! Your store is the best belt buckle store ever!!! Thank you!"--- Aya Masuda


"I just wanted to say thank you very much for your swift response and delivery of the belt and buckle that i ordered only a few days ago. your service has been out the top drawer and is much appreciated. when i am ready to get another belt and buckle i will definately come back to you. Thanks again"--- Dan W, United Kingdom


"Thank you so much for your immediate response in regards to my phone call yesterday of my missing hat. I can not believe I talked to you yesterday afternoon and by this afternoon cross country from Pa to Ca I already have received the hat. I appreciate your absolutely amazing customer service. I have never experienced such kind and personal service with any on line store. I look forward to many future purchases with you and will highly recommend your web site. Again, thank you for taking care of this matter in beyond record timing!Have a wonderful weekend, Kate Camp"